---
published: false
---
Just wanted to take second to catalog my developer journey so far. More as a reference for myself in the future than for any curious readers that stumble across my page.

It started with Python at the end of 2012. I began learning at the behest of my friend Justin, who told me it would be useful for parsing the massive CSV files we were dealing with. I began by browsing some books on Safari Books, and signing up for a Coursera course. It was fun and exciting and I learned some basics while making a game and scripting out some workflows, but I didn't take it super serious and all my scripts were one file because getting them to work together was hard.

My dabbling in Python went on for some time before things got serious. I moved to a new job that still dealt with some data management but was much more technical (involving RF, Linux, wireless protocols, and a heap of other tech). This technical new job also had me linking up with a lot more technically minded people and attending some pretty awesome tech courses. In and out of work, I was tinkering with networks and security which lead me to Kali Linux. Again, I was introduced but didn't take it too serious and I'd still say I'm no pentesting expert, but I got a good taste of exploiting vulnerabilities starting 2014.

By 2017, I was finally looking for something serious to work on. I planned my exit from the Navy and on recommendation from a good friend (who's now at Microsoft) I started learning C# and the .NET framework. Starting with a few Udemy courses from Mosh Hademi, I began a rigorous study. Around the same time I was afforded the opportunity to get my Security+ certification. Mosh's courses were awesome and set a good foundation to branch into other books and online videos. I began doing some Unity3D courses as well, since I do enjoy a good video game now and then. While I was downloading Visual Studio and learning C#, my sister asked me to write a simple CRUD app for her to manage an inventory at work. Seemed easy enough, I would just follow along with one of the books I find online and adjust it to my needs... Close to 8 months later at this point and I have a backend REST API that kind of does what I want and the beginnings of a frontend written in an experimental framework (Blazor). I was able to get it runnning in Docker so that was a win and a learning experience for sure.

Now we come to 2019. I'm on the way out of the Navy and heading into my first real world job this summer. An internship with a cyber security firm that has some dev work and other projects. I'm excited to begin since the company seems to have projects relating to everything I'm interested in: Unity3D development, web development, and pentesting. I've also began attending Meetups on a regular basis. They're FANTASTIC. Just showing up and listening to other people talk is super helpful for picking up on terms I'm unfamiliar with. I also think community is an important thing to be a part of.
